Your hand is hurt.
Come
Yeah.
Got word that someone is going to kill you
So I rushed over
What are you doing? Take the medicine cabinet.
Wait a minute, take your hands off and throw them down
All right.
What are you laughing at?
You know you're dying
I just thought it would be nice to see you again
You are not with that Gu Beichen
Isn't it quite loving?
How can I still care about my locks?
I just want him to go to hell now
Haha.
Brother Weiquan, look
Right here. Right here. Help me
I haven't padded
Sister, why are you so horny?
You like this kind of stuff
Still in the lifespan of the old lady
Bitch
Bring him down to me to add and serve
Lin Jingyu
You have today too
Hahahahaha
And this is my sister.
Her embroidery worker can wait for 11.
You say
If you embroider this flower
Stick it under your fingernails
What would that feel like?
Ahahaha
Mrs. Du Jun is really lucky
My sister and I
One piece to serve
Ahhh
Uh-huh.
So that Gu Beichen
It seems that I have done a lot of sorry for you.
He took that Xizi home
And at the old lady's birthday party
concubine
And I'm also facing the destruction of my family
Instead of waiting to perish
It's better to take the initiative
How dare you beast
I heard about your influence in Jingping
Bigger than the city lord and commander-in-chief
Dare not say anything else
But in Jingpingnei
There's nothing my concubine can't do
That's a good idea.
In the way of others
Restitution
Gu Beichen
Love story beauty next
It's time for you to see a good show